The task is to write a complete Node.js JavaScript program for scheduling mission-control work across parallel workstations.
The problem is to schedule tasks on multiple machines (workstations) with dependencies, deadlines, and weights.

Input: JSON with machineCount and tasks array, each task {id, duration, deps, deadline, weight}

deps are probably array of task ids that must finish before this one.

I need to output either:

 - schedule: array of {id, start, machine} 

  or 

  - order: array of task ids in topo order

If only order, grader places greedily.

To score well, minimize weighted lateness + makespan vs deterministic list scheduler reference.

I need a good heuristic schedule.

Since it says 64 cores, large scenarios, need efficient algo.

I think best is to implement a priority-based list scheduling: use a min-heap for ready tasks, prioritized by some metric like weight, then earliest deadline, then longest processing time.

For output, since full schedule is better, I'll try to assign each task to a machine and start time.

I'll simulate:

- Build graph: adj list (successors), indegree.

- Ready set: tasks with indegree 0. Use a priority queue (I'll use array and sort when needed, or use heap but JS no built-in).

For JS, I can use a Set for ready 0-indegree, and when picking, iterate all ready to find best, but if N large bad.

Assume N<=1000, ok to O(N^2).

Better: use a binary heap, but implement simple priority queue.

For simplicity, use array of ready, and when picking, sort by priority desc each time, but costly.

Let's code with loop to find max each time.

Define priority: for selection, we want to schedule first tasks with high weight, small deadline, small duration? 

Standard: in EDD, earliest due date first.

For weighted, WSPT: weight / proc time desc.

With both 1|prec|sum w T_j , use WSPT with prec.

So, priority: higher weight, smaller duration, smaller deadline.

Score = weight * some - duration - deadline/1000 or something.

Let's define score as:

score = weight + (deadline ? -deadline / max_duration : 0 wait.

To prioritize:

- First, highest weight

- Then smallest deadline

- Then smallest duration

So, in code, when comparing two tasks, compare by weight desc, then deadline asc, then duration asc.

Yes.

In code: to find best, iterate, keep the one with max weight, if tie min deadline, if tie min duration.

Yes.

Also, need depReady time: max completion of preds.

Yes.

Let's write the code.

First:

const fs = require('fs');

const input = fs.readFileSync(0, 'utf8');

const data = JSON.