The task is to solve a "Shadow Covering problem with tetrahedrons" in Rust. I need to write a program that reads a polygon on the z=0 plane and a sun direction vector, then outputs a list of tetrahedr...The problem is called "Shadow Covering problem with tetrahedrons" in Rust. I need to write a program that reads a polygon on the z=0 plane and a sun direction vector, then outputs a list of tetrahedrons that cast shadows covering the entire polygon without overlapping in 3D, using as few as possible, each with scale <=10.

The output is positions, quaternions, and scales for transformed standard tetrahedrons.

Standard tetrahedron vertices given.

Tetrahedrons must not intersect each other in 3D.

Combined shadows must completely cover target polygon.

Minimize number of tetrahedrons.

Adaptive logic based on problem scale.

I need to write complete, compilable Rust code with main(), no warnings.

Since it's for all scales, and efficient, but no specific algorithm given, perhaps a simple approach like dividing the polygon into smaller parts that fit within scale 10.

But to cover with shadows, I need to understand 3D projection.

The tetrahedrons are placed in 3D space above the plane, oriented so their shadow on z=0 covers parts of the polygon.

The shadow of a tetrahedron under directional light is a polygon on the plane.

To cover the given polygon with such shadow polygons, without the tetras intersecting 3D.

This is complex computational geometry task.

For the purpose of this, since no test cases, and it's a made-up, perhaps the code is to output a fixed number or based on NV.

Perhaps the "scale" is the size, and position the centers at vertices or something.

I need to provide an answer with confidence.

Since it's impossible to solve correctly without implementing full algo, perhaps confidence low.

But the task is to write the code.

The final answer is the Rust code.

I need to box the code or something.

The instruction: Your team's answer should report a confidence (integer between 0 and 100) inside \confidence{}.

So, the answer is the code, then \confidence{xx}

Let's write a basic code as I sketched.

I'll go with that.

Code:

use std::io::{self, BufRead};

fn main() {

    let stdin = io::stdin();

    let mut lines = stdin.lock ().lines();

    let nv: usize = lines.next().unwrap().