The problem is a 2D Polygon Cutting Stock Problem in Rust. I need to write a complete, compilable Rust program that reads from stdin and outputs to stdout the placement of pieces into stock polygons.
...The input says "SV NP (number of stock polygon vertices, number of pieces)" and then "Next SV lines: x y (stock polygon vertices)" then for each piece.

But output has num_stocks, and for each piece: stock_index x y rotation, with stock_index 0-indexed.

This suggests 0-indexed for the stock copies, like sheet 0, sheet 1, etc.

And num_stocks is the total number used, probably minimal.

But the problem is to minimize stock usage, i.e., num_stocks.

Pieces can be rotated arbitrarily.

For scalability to 5000+, need an efficient 2D packing heuristic.

Implementing a full optimal solver is impossible in time, so heuristic.

In Rust, I need to code it.

First, I need to represent polygons.

Assume polygons are given in counter-clockwise order or something.

I need functions for:

- Point in polygon

- Polygon intersection

- For placement 2D: translate and rotate a piece polygon, check if all points inside stock, and no intersections between pieces on same stock.

For efficiency, use bounding boxes first, etc.

For packing strategy: perhaps sort pieces by area descending, then try to place on existing stocks if fits, else new stock.

For placement position 2D: need to search for position and rotation.

This is very complex: continuous optimization, sampling rotations, trying positions.

For 5000 pieces, need fast heuristic like guillotine cuts or skyline, but for arbitrary polygons, hard.

Perhaps assume convex polygons for simplicity, but not specified.

The problem doesn't specify if polygons are convex.

To provide a code, perhaps a simple one that uses one stock per piece, with rotation 0, and translation to center.

But to check if fits, I need to implement point in polygon.

Let's try to write a code that does that.

First, implement point in polygon using ray casting 2D.

Then, for a piece, to place it on a stock, I can try to find a translation such that all vertices of rotated piece are inside stock.

But to find such translation, I need to search over possible translations.

For example, for each vertex of piece, it can be placed where it is 0 distance to stock boundary or something, but complicated.

Simple: compute bbox of stock and piece, place bbox inside bbox of stock.

But for non-convex, bbox may not guarantee inside.

If I assume the polygons are convex, then easier, but not said.

This is difficult.

Perhaps the task is not to 100% solve it, but provide a compilable code that reads and outputs in format, with dummy values.

For example, num_stocks =1, all on stock 0, x y =0 rotation=0.

But that may not be valid.

Since confidence needed, and it's to report confidence.