The task is to write a C++ program for the Minimum Edge Cut problem. It's to find the minimum number of edges to remove to disconnect the graph, which is the edge connectivity, and also output one suc...The task is to write a C++ program that finds the minimum edge cut in an undirected graph and outputs the size and the edges in one such cut.

The graph is given with N nodes (0 to N-1), M edges, undirected, connected.

I need to find the smallest set of edges whose removal disconnect the graph, output the size K and the list of those edges (u v).

It must handle large graphs, even if they don't fit in memory, so probably need an algorithm that is memory efficient, perhaps streaming or out-of-core, but that sounds complicated for C++.

But with 127GB memory, for 64 cores, perhaps assume graphs fit in memory.

But "even if they don't fit", so need careful memory use.

For algorithm, since C++20, MSVC, need to use standard libs.

I need an adaptive logic for different scales.

For small graphs, use one algo, for large use another.

What is a good way to find min edge cut.

One standard simple way for edge connectivity is to use max-flow min-cut, but to find global, we can use Stoer-Wagner algorithm, which is good for undirected unweighted.

Stoer-Wagner finds the min-cut value and the partition.

I need to implement Stoer-Wagner in C++.

It's doable, though a bit long code.

Let me recall how Stoer-Wagner works.

The algorithm is:

While the graph has more than 1 vertex:

  Perform a phase:

  - Pick an arbitrary vertex a

  - Grow a set S starting with {a }, using priority queue or selection to add the vertex with max weight to S.

  - Maintain the cut value to S for each vertex outside.

  - Add the vertex with highest connection to S, update the connections.

  - Repeat until all vertices in S.

  - The last added vertex's connection to S is 0? No.

  - Specifically, start S empty, add vertices one by one, the cut value of the last vertex added (when |S|=n-1) is the min cut separating the last vertex from the rest.

  - The min cut value in this phase is the smallest such cut value during the 2nd last addition.

  - More precisely: the order of addition v1, v2, ..., vn where v1 arbitrary.

  - Maintain for each vi the weight to the current S = {v1..vi-1}

  - When adding vi, the cut value for vi is w(vi, S 1..i-1)

  - The min cut found in phase is min over i=2 to n of w(vi,S without vi)

  - Actually, the cut of the graph when S has all but one, but to find min, it's the min w of the last vertex added to S when |S 1 to n-1|.

  - The phase finds a min cut of the form (A, V\A) where A is the set grown last.

  - Specifically, the cut value is the weight of the last vertex added, i.e., when adding the last vertex, its connection to the previous S 1 to n-1.

  - And that is a candidate for min cut.

  - Then, to get the global, we take the smallest such over all phases, and contract the two vertices with the smallest cut value (the last two added), merge them into one vertex, update the graph.

Yes, that's it.

To implement, we need to keep track of supernodes, use union-find or list of vertices.

It's a bit tricky to code correctly.

There are standard codes for it.

Since I can't search, I need to write it carefully.

For this, perhaps a simpler approach is better.

Since the graph is connected , to find min edge cut, I can use the following: use DFS or BFS to find the smallest cut by flow from one vertex.

But to make it correct, one known way is: choose an arbitrary vertex s, compute the min cut separating s from all other vertices, i.e., the smallest cut around a component containing s.

But that would be the cut isolating a part not containing s.

But the global min cut may be in a part not touching s.

So to guarantee, we can run it for several random s, but not guaranteed.

For exact, better to use Stoer-Wagner.

Let's try to implement a simple version for small N, and for large use min degree.

But to make it adaptive based on scale.

Say if N <= 500, use O(N^3) algo, else use min degree incident.

But for correctness, if N large and has small cut not at min deg, it fails.

Perhaps the problem expects the min degree one, as it's simple and handles large.

Look at the example: min deg is 2, and K=2, so matches.

Perhaps test cases are such that it is the case.

Or perhaps the min edge cut is always the min degree for the test cases.

But in general not .

The problem is Minimum Edge Cut, which is the edge connectivity λ(G), which is min over all cuts the size, and it is equal to min degree if the graph is not having smaller separating cuts.

But to be correct, I need exact.