The task is to write a Minesweeper solver in C# that finds provably safe cells on any size board, from small to 10000x10000. It must be efficient and only output cells that are definitely safe, no gue...The task is to write a C# program that solves Minesweeper by finding all provably safe cells (unknown cells that must be safe based on the given clues and flags) without guessing. It needs to handle large boards up to 10000x10000 efficiently.

First, I need to parse the input: H W, then H lines of W characters each.

I'll represent the board as a 2D char array or string grid.

I need to find all ' ' positions that are provably safe.

Provably safe means: there is a deduction that it cannot be a mine, based on the constraints.

The basic way 1: for each revealed cell with number V (0-8), count adjacent flags M, adjacent unknowns U.

If M == V, then all U are safe (since no more mines needed).

If M + U == V, all U are mines.

We collect all cells that are in U for some constraint where 1st case happens.

To handle more, we can iterate: if we deduce some safes, but since no revealing, we don't update board, but we can collect all such forced safes in one pass, as multiple constraints.

For better, perhaps multiple passes if we mark deduced safes, but since static, 1 pass over all constraints is ok, as deductions are from current state.

For complex, like 2-cell constraints: e.g., a '1' and '1' adjacent sharing one unknown, etc., we can deduce.

But implementing full is hard.

The problem says "adaptive logic that chooses different strategies based on board complexity."

So, for small boards, use a more thorough method like modeling as SAT or backtrack to find forced cells, for large use basic.

But for C#, SAT solver not built in, and for 1e8 too big.

For small, say if H*W < 1e5, use simple, else basic.

But to implement full for small: count number of unknowns, if few, we can use exact solver.

But perhaps overkill.

Let's see example in prompt: "For a board where cell (0,0) shows '1' and has one adjacent mine at (1,0): Neighbors (0,1) and (0,2) are guaranteed safe."

Wait, example not full.

Anyway, I think basic is:

Use a HashSet<(int,int)> safes;

Then loop over all cells, if digit, compute flagged and unknowns list.

if flagged == val, add all unknowns to safes.

Then, after all, output count and the list sorted? No, order not specified, probably any order ok.

But to be nice, perhaps collect in list, sort by x then y or something.

But problem doesn't specify order.

Also, need to make sure not to output if not ' ', but 0-indexed.

For large input, Console.ReadLine may be slow for 10k lines.

Better use:

using System.IO;

var reader = new StreamReader(Console.OpenStandardInput());

Then read lines with reader.ReadLine().

But for simplicity, since H,W up to 1e4, but total input size 1e8 chars, Console may handle.

But to be safe, use fast input.

But for code, I'll use Console.

For adaptive: let's say if H*W > 1e6 use basic, else do iterative propagation.