The task is to write a Node.js JavaScript program that chooses where to cut firebreaks before a wildfire spreads.
The problem is to write a Node.js program that reads a JSON input describing a grid with forests and water, starting fire points, towns with values, and a cut budget. I need to place firebreaks (cut cells) in burnable forest cells to prevent fire from spreading to as many town values as possible, using no more than the cutBudget cuts. The output is a JSON with the list of [x,y] positions to cut.

The grid: '.' is burnable, '~' is non-burnable. ignitions are [x,y] where fire starts (x row, y col I assume). towns {id, x y, value}, probably id is unique.

Fire spreads 4-dir to adjacent '.' cells.

I need to choose up to cutBudget '.' cells to turn non-burnable, to maximize the fraction of total town value that is saved (i.e., town not reached by fire).

Score is that fraction.

But for the program, it should output the firebreaks list, and presumably the grader computes the score.

Since large scenarios, need efficient algo.

For algo: since NP-hard in general, need heuristic.

One good heuristic for containing fire: simulate the spread, but decide cuts to block at bottlenecks.

Use BFS from ignitions, but 0-1 BFS or something? No.

A common way in games for firebreak is to cut at the perimeter.

But let's propose:

1. Perform a multi-source BFS from all ignitions, through '.' cells, to find all cells that will burn if no cuts.

2. Also, mark all towns that are reachable, they will burn.

3. For towns not reachable, they are safe, no need to cut for them.

4. To save threatened towns, I need to block fire to them.

To do with limited budget, perhaps prioritize towns by value descending, and for each, if not yet protected, compute min cuts to block it, but how without flow.

To approx min cut: the min number of cells to remove to disconnect is the min vertex cut.

In grid, it's min number of cells to cut to separate.

But computing for each is expensive.

Simple greedy: find cells that are adjacent to ignition cells, cut them to 1-step containment.

If budget allows, to prevent spread.

But if many ignitions are starting, if ignition is on a cell.

Let's think: actually, the ignition cells themselves if cut, but probably ignitions are starting fire, probably don't need cut, fire starts there, so to contain, cut the neighbors.

 If I cut a neighbor of ignition, fire can't spread to that neighbor, but if ignition is burnable, fire is at ignition.

So, to contain, cut all 4-dir neighbors of current fire cells.

But iteratively.

A good way: use a "firefront" simulation, but decide to cut some to 0 spread.

But perhaps: use Dijkstra or BFS to find shortest path from ignitions to each town, then the cells on shortest paths.

But still.

Let's search for "firebreak placement algorithm" or "firebreak grid problem".

This seems similar to "fire station" but not.

Since time is limited, let's propose a simple strategy that should work reasonably: cut the cells closest to the ignitions that are on the path to high value towns.

But to implement:

- Collect all threatened towns, sort by value descending.

- For each high value town in order, if it's threatened, find a path from ignition to it, and cut one cell on that path, preferably a cell not yet cut, that is "least used" or something.

But to find path, use BFS from ignition to town, then choose a cell on the path to cut.

But which cell? Any, but to minimize impact, perhaps near ignition.

But if multiple towns share paths, cutting shared cell saves multiple.

So, to do better, use a greedy set cover like: find critical cells.

But to make it efficient.

Here's a better idea: model it as finding a vertex separator.

But let's do this: use max flow but not for each, but for all at once.

 To maximize saved value with cost <=budget, where cost is number of cuts.

But to model the flow network for all sinks.

One way: add a super source connected to ignitions with inf, super sink connected from all towns with capacity = value of town.

Then, the node capacities 1 for burnable cells (except ignitions and towns?).

Then, the min cut would be the min cost to disconnect super source from super sink, where cost is sum capacities of cut nodes.

But that's the min cost to save all, but actually the min cut value would be the min total node capacities to disconnect, which is min cuts to save all towns, but if min cut >budget, it doesn't help.

If the min cut to disconnect all is C, if C <=budget, cut those, save all.

If C >budget, then we can't save all, need to choose which to save.

To choose subset of towns to save, with the min cut for that subset <=budget, max value.

But to find that, it's still hard, like prize collecting or something.

For approximation, perhaps use greedy: sort towns by value, add one by one if the incremental cost is affordable.

But incremental is the additional cuts needed.

But to compute that, need flow each time.

If number of towns is small, say <20, then 2^20 possible, but probably not.

The problem doesn't specify sizes, but since "increasingly large", probably grid large, towns many.

Need O(N) algo.

Let's propose this heuristic:

- Do multi-source BFS from ign itions, get dist to all reachable cells.

- Also, get list of threatened towns with their dist.

- Then, to save a town, I can cut all cells at dist = town.dist -1 , i.e., the cells from which fire spreads directly to the town.

So, the last layer before town.

 If I cut all neighbors of the town that are on the fire side, that would block fire to the town.

  The number is the degree of the town in the graph, up to 4.

  If budget allows, for high value towns, cut their incoming neighbors.

  To prioritize, for each threatened town , the cost to protect it is the number of its burnable neighbors that are reachable, minus if town itself is ignition or something.

  To protect the town, by cutting all its adjacent burnable cells, then fire can't enter the town cell.

  Yes, that would save it, with cost = number of adjacent 4-dir '.' cells that are reachable.

  Then, if the town is adjacent to ignition, then if ignition adjacent, fire is already there, so to save, perhaps cut the town cell itself? But probably town cell is burnable, but if fire at ignition adjacent, to prevent, cut the town cell? But the problem says cut forest cells, probably '.' .

  But if town is on '.', and adjacent to ignition, then to save, I need to cut the town cell? But if cut town cell, perhaps fire doesn't reach it.

  But let's assume we can cut the town cell if it's '.', to save it.

  But the problem says "cut forest cells", so probably '.' .

  To be safe, for each threatened town, the cost to protect it is the min number of cuts around it, but simple: the number of adjacent cells.

  But if adjacent to ignition, cost 1 if cut the town, but let's assume the town cell is not cut, so if adjacent to ignition, can't save unless cut other.

  This is complicated.

Let's define: the fire reaches a cell if there is path from ignition to it through non-cut cells.

To prevent fire reaching a town cell, no path from any ignition to town cell through non-cut '.' cells.

To do that with few cuts.

For simple strategy: for each threatened town, calculate the number of its adjacent cells, and if budget allows, cut them all to protect it.

To choose which towns to protect, sort by value descending, and greedily add if remaining budget >= cost for that town, where cost = number of adjacent burnable cells.

Then, for the chosen towns, collect all the cells to cut (union of their neighbors), and if total unique <=budget, use them, else perhaps reduce.

This way, shared neighbors if multiple towns close, shared cuts.

If towns are far, no share.

 This is a greedy set cover like, but since cost is per town, but actually the cost is shared.

  But for implementation, I can collect for each threatened town its list of neighbor positions to cut to protect it.

  Then, sort towns by value desc.

  Then, use greedy: for each town in order, if I can add its list to the current cut set without exceeding budget, i.e., if the new cells not already in set, their number <= remaining budget, then add them.

Yes, this is the greedy algorithm for set cover but here for covering the towns with "cut sets" where each town has its "cover" set of cells, and cost is union.

Yes, and since number of towns say M, each with 4 cells, total candidates small if M small, but if M large, grid large, but ok.

To implement, I need to:

- Have a set of cut positions (use array 2D bool or set of [x,y])

- Have list of threatened towns: each with value, and list of [x,y] neighbors that are '.' and reachable.

- Then, sort threatened towns by value desc.

- For each in order:

  let additional = []

  for each neighbor in its list:

 if not already cut:

    additional.push(neighbor)

  if additional.length + current_cut.size <= cutBudget:

    then add all additional to cut set.

Yes.

This way, I greedily protect high value first, and if affordable with new cuts, do it.

At end, the cut set is the fire breaks, trim to budget if over, but since I check, it won't over.

If total needed >budget, it will protect as many as possible in that order.

Yes.

Also, need to make sure the neighbors are not ignitions? If a neighbor is ignition, then since fire is at ignition, cutting the neighbor doesn't help if the neighbor is the ignition? No, the neighbor is adjacent to town, if ignition is adjacent to town, then to block, since fire at ignition, to prevent spread to town, I need to cut the town cell or the edge, but since node cut, cut the town cell.

So, if a town is adjacent to an ignition, then one of its neighbors is ignition, but cutting the neighbor (ignition) may not be good, because fire starts at ignition anyway.

So, to handle, when collecting neighbors for a town, only include neighbors that are not ignition cells.

If all neighbors are either ~ or ignition or cut, then if adjacent to ignition, it can't be protected by cutting neighbors, so I need to cut the town cell itself.

To handle that case, for each town, if it has no burnable non-ignition neighbors, then cost 1, cut the town cell.

Otherwise, cost = number of burnable non-ignition neighbors.

Then, if cost 0, already protected, but since threatened, if no neighbors, impossible unless isolated.

If threatened, has path, so has neighbors.

If adjacent to ignition, has ignition as neighbor, so if I exclude ignition, then the other neighbors are the ones to cut , but if only one neighbor which is ignition, then cost 0? No, if town adjacent to ignition, the path is direct, so to block, I need to cut the town cell, because fire from ignition spreads directly to town if not cut.

Yes, so if the town has an ignition adjacent, then the direct spread, so to block, cut the town cell.

So, general way: to isolate the town cell, cut all adjacent cells that are burnable (including if ignition? but ignition is burnable probably).

But if adjacent to ignition, cutting the adjacent (ignition) may not block because fire starts there.