The user is asking me to write Rust code to solve the Minimum Vertex Cover problem for graphs with up to 2M vertices and 15M edges. This is a very large graph, so I need to use efficient algorithms.

The Minimum Vertex Cover problem is NP-Hard, so for large graphs, we need to use approximation algorithms or heuristics. Some common approaches:

1. Greedy algorithm: Pick vertices with highest degree repeatedly
2. 2-approximation using maximum matching (this gives a 2-approximation guarantee)
3. LP-based approaches
4. Local search/heuristic methods

For graphs of this size (2M vertices, 15M edges), we need something that runs efficiently. The 2-approximation using maximum matching is a good choice as it provides a theoretical guarantee and can be implemented relatively efficiently.

However, finding a maximum matching in a graph with 2M vertices and 15M edges might be challenging but should be feasible with efficient algorithms like Hopcroft-Karp.

Alternatively, a simple greedy approach might be more practical for very large graphs:
- Sort vertices by degree (descending)
- Pick vertices with highest degree until all edges are covered

Let me think about the implementation:

1. We need to read the input efficiently
2. We need to represent the graph efficiently (adjacency lists)
3. We need an algorithm to find the vertex cover

For the 2-approximation algorithm:
- Find a maximum matching
- For each edge in the matching, include at least one endpoint in the vertex cover
- A simple way is to include all vertices from one side of the matching

For the greedy approach:
- Count degrees of all vertices
- Sort vertices by degree (descending)
- Keep adding vertices until all edges are covered

Given the size constraints, I think the greedy approach might be more practical, but let me consider both.

Actually, let me implement the 2-approximation algorithm using maximum matching, as it provides a better theoretical guarantee. I'll use an efficient matching algorithm.

Wait, implementing a maximum matching algorithm for 2M vertices might be complex. Let me reconsider.

For very large graphs, a simpler approach might be better. Let me go with:
1. A degree-based greedy algorithm
2. Or a randomized approach

Let me implement a degree-based greedy algorithm:
1. Read the graph
2. Calculate degrees for all vertices
3. Sort vertices by degree (descending)
4. Select vertices until all edges are covered
5. Output the result

This should be efficient enough for the given constraints.

Actually, let me think about this more carefully. The greedy algorithm that picks vertices with highest degree is known to have a approximation ratio of O(log n), which is worse than the 2-approximation from maximum matching.

But for practical purposes, especially with large graphs, the greedy approach might be more efficient to implement and run.

Let me implement the 2-approximation algorithm using maximum matching. I'll use an efficient matching algorithm like Hopcroft-Karp.

Actually, implementing Hopcroft-Karp for 2M vertices might be challenging. Let me reconsider.

Given the time constraints and the need for a practical solution, I'll implement a degree-based greedy algorithm, which should work reasonably well for large graphs and is much simpler to implement.

Here's my plan:
1. Read the input efficiently
2. Build an adjacency list representation
3. Calculate degrees for all vertices
4. Sort vertices by degree (descending)
5. Use a greedy approach to select vertices
6. Output the result

Let me write the code:
[Tool call: execute_python({"code": "print(\"\"\"\n// Minimum Vertex Cover Solver\n// Uses a degree-based greedy algorithm for )]
[Tool result: // Minimum Vertex Cover Solver
// Uses a degree-based greedy algorithm for large graphs

use std::io::{self, BufRead, BufWriter, Write};
use std::collections::{HashMap, HashSet, BinaryHeap};
use std::cmp::Reverse;

fn main() {
    // Read input efficiently
    let stdin = io::stdin();
    let mut lines = stdin.lock().lines();
    
    // Read number of vertices and edges
    let first_line = lines.next().unwrap().unwrap();
    let mut parts = first_line.split_whitespace();
    let n: usize = par]